So we're going to play around with
this with another quick exercise,
which is we have a little counter that
we're gonna build where we're gonna
have a Start button.
And we're going to have a Pause button or
Stop button.
And ideally, when when I hit the Start
button which to start counting.
And when I hit the Stop
button we should unsubscribe.
Now, this counter, I'm gonna warn you
right now, it's not gonna be idiomatic
just yet, we don't have all the tools
that we need to build it the right way.
Your job is to kind of figure out,
based on other pieces of JavaScript,
how to get this to work.
And then we'll go over a series of other
exercises this morning, we'll add more and
more functionality and
we'll get it to be idiomatic RxJs but
it's not gonna be in the very beginning.
So worry less about getting it right.
Worry about using a timer interval and
getting it working at all.
And then we'll kinda play around with
that and build on it as we go along.